Update 100-what-is-qa.md (#1663)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/113-qa/content/100-qa-basics/100-what-is-qa.md

> # What is qa
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.ministryoftesting.com/dojo/series/the-testing-planet-2017/lessons/so-what-is-software-testing'>So, What Is Software Testing?</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.ministryoftesting.com/dojo/lessons/what-do-software-testers-do-version-0-1'>What Do Software Testers Do?</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# What is Quality

Quality is extremely hard to define, and it is simply stated: “Fit for use or purpose.” It is all about meeting the needs and expectations of customers concerning the functionality, design, reliability, durability, & price of the product.

## What is Assurance

Assurance is nothing but a positive declaration of a product or service, which gives confidence. It is certain of a product or a service which it will work well. It provides a guarantee that the product will work without any problems as per the expectations or requirements.

## Quality Assurance in Software Testing

Quality Assurance in Software Testing is defined as a procedure to ensure the quality of software products or services provided to the customers by an organization. Quality assurance focuses on improving the [software development process](https://www.guru99.com/software-development-life-cycle-tutorial.html) and making it efficient and effective per the quality standards defined for software products. Quality Assurance is popularly known as QA Testing.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.guru99.com/all-about-quality-assurance.html'>What is Quality Assurance(QA)? Process, Methods, Examples</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.ministryoftesting.com/dojo/lessons/what-do-software-testers-do-version-0-1'>What Do Software Testers Do?</BadgeLink>
```
